   1.​ Demonstrated understanding of the sexual and general health, support and
       information needs of gay, bisexual+ and queer men who have sex with men in
       NSW.

I have a personal and professional understanding of the target group’s sexual and general
health, as well as related needs, due to my work within the LGBTQ+ community and my
lived experience as a gay man.

I have been employed as a research assistant at Western Sydney University, providing me
with strong research knowledge that focuses on the social wellbeing and health needs of the
LGBTQ+ community - including queer men. Particularly, I am versed in topics of institutional
discrimination and its impact on health, and LGBTQ+ individuals’ struggle with discrimination
from both within and outside of the LGBTQ+ community. This research experience translates
to a deep understanding of the needs of queer men not only on a personal level, but also on
the macro scale - allowing for a nuanced approach to supporting queer men.

Such understanding of queer men’s health and support is supported by my experience as a
gay man. Being part of the target group means that I have also accessed and utilised
relevant information regarding sexual health and general needs for queer men, and am able
to share such knowledge with fellow queer men in a support capacity. This information
includes, but is not limited to, access to health facilities and queer spaces, navigating the
conflict of one’s cultural and queer identity, and safe sex practices.

My knowledge of queer men’s health has also been applied within a volunteering capacity.
My involvement with YCollab has provided me an opportunity to contribute my
understanding of queer men’s safety needs and social health needs to create a framework
for a queer safe space in South West Sydney. This includes identifying safety concerns and
needs for anonymity when engaging in queer spaces, recognising social isolation
experienced by queer people and planning to mitigate it through community connection, and
determining appropriate measures to ensure inclusion of queer people within all
intersections.



   2.​ Experience in peer group facilitator, training, and/or public speaking.

I have an established peer group facilitation experience through my internship at BlaQ
Aboriginal Corporation (BlaQ) and my current volunteering position at YCollab.

During my internship at BlaQ, I worked in collaboration with their programs coordinator to
plan and co-facilitate workshops on Indigenous LGBTQ+ youths’ wellbeing, including a
workshop with Indigenous LGBTQ+ young people aged 18-25. Throughout the internship, I
was in charge of creating and monitoring the Eventbrite page for the workshop, liaising with
participants through email and phone, and ensuring that the ZOOM meeting went smoothly.
This experience has provided me with a foundational understanding of workshop facilitation.

My experience is further enhanced through my volunteering at YCollab, where I worked as
part of a team to organise workshops with fellow LGBTQ+ youths from South-West Sydney.
This includes the facilitation of workshops where I guided the discussion regarding safety
needs and inclusivity within a queer safe space.
   3.​ Developed written skills with the ability to create documents such as reports,
       resources, project proposals or presentations.

I possess strongly developed writing skills due to my research and academic background.
My university degree offered experience in writing in a variety of formats, including essays,
reports, project proposals, and presentation. This has developed a sense of versatility in my
writing, allowing me to adapt my style to the necessary format and task.

My proficient writing ability has translated to high academic achievements, as well as
employment within the university itself as a research assistant. In the research assistant role,
my primary task was to write academic papers based on research data and findings of
university scholars - which requires a balance of detailed and succinct writing that
demonstrates academic expertise on the topics.

I am the author of two published academic journals (‘Lateral Violence and Microaggressions
in the LGBTQ+ Community: A Scoping Review’ in the Journal of Homosexuality, and ‘We
Want to Help but We Don’t Know What to Do’: Service Providers Working with Indigenous
LGBTIQ+ Youth in Australia’ in the journal ‘Sexes’), with more in the process of editing and
review.



   4.​ Good communication skills, including the ability to work with different styles of
       communication.
I am confident in my communication skills, and am able to be adaptable to different styles of
communication.
I am effective in several communication methods, including face-to-face, over the phone,
and via email. This has been honed through my varied work experience, such as my role as
a Western Sydney University research assistant, issuing officer for the Australian Electoral
Commission, and service team member at Coles. My experience of communicating with
different stakeholders, both internal and external, means that I am able to adapt my tone to
the appropriate contexts of communication. My proficient communication skills is further
reinforced by my personal and professional engagement with LGBTQ+ spaces, allowing me
to understand the nuances of communication with queer individuals and organisations.
I have lived and worked within South West Sydney since my youth, and much of my work
has been within culturally and linguistically diverse communities. My employment with the
Australian Electoral Commission and Coles, as well as engagement with organisations such
as BlaQ and YCollab means that I possess a deeply ingrained sense of cultural sensitivity.
As such, I always ensure that I remain culturally aware and respectful when communicating,
and actively celebrate the diversity of cultures within Sydney.
   5.​ Computer literacy experience with the ability to use Microsoft word, excel and
       PowerPoint.
My computer literacy has been developed through my academic and professional
engagement. I regularly utilise computer software, particularly Microsoft Office software and
online counterparts, to complete my work. Most relevantly, such work includes using
Microsoft Word/ Google Docs to write documents and research papers, Microsoft
PowerPoint/ Google Slides to create presentations, Microsoft Excel/ Google Sheets to make
spreadsheets, and Google Forms/ Survey Monkey to create surveys and questionnaires.

This computer literacy has been established since my youth, and continues to be relevant
throughout my university degree and work as a research assistant. My strong and iterative
computer literacy experience means I am able to be independent with technology, and can
troubleshoot any issues that may be encountered while utilising computers and software.



   6.​ Good time and project management skills with the ability to work with different
       stakeholders to achieve program outcomes.
I have advanced time management skills that have been honed through my university
degree and involvement in research projects. Throughout my degree, I have trained myself
to begin tasks as early as reasonable, which allowed me to divide the time spent on my
assessments and manage the workload. Such dedication to time management during my
degree has been reflected in my grades, and continues with my current work as a research
assistant. I am able to consistently meet deadlines set by my research supervisors without
compromising on the quality of my work.
The commitment to my work and meeting outcomes also manifests in my ability to work with
different stakeholders. This can be seen through my work in various research projects,
where I collaborated with research participants and fellow researchers to deliver high quality
data analysis that grows the understanding of the LGBTQ+ community. My internship and
volunteering experience further solidifies my ability to work different stakeholders. During my
internship at BlaQ, I worked with BlaQ’s programs coordinator in collaboration with Western
Sydney University to deliver a series of workshops that would form a part of a community
roadmap. My contribution and ability to synergise with all parties allowed for a successful
project that benefitted the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander LGBTQ+ community. Most
recently, my volunteering at YCollab continues to expand my ability to work with different
stakeholders, including team members, fellow youths, external organisations, community
members, and allies to realise a safe space for queer youths in South West Sydney.


   7.​ Understanding of and commitment to ACON’s communities, particularly people
       living with HIV/AIDS.
I am committed to ACON’s goals and dedication to its communities. With its founding being
deeply rooted in the needs of people living with HIV/AIDS, ACON is first and foremost
dedicated to the health and wellbeing of its community. This means accounting for the
community’s sexual, physical, mental, and social health through a range of services and
programs. Particularly, ACON is dedicated to helping people living with HIV/AIDS not only
through treatment, but also supporting them by destigmatising HIV/AIDS and related
discriminations.
ACON’s support for the LGBTQ+ community is not limited to taking a reactive approach to
health issues - with the organisation incorporating a proactive prevention approach that
encompasses care for the individual and community, while also addressing the issues on a
societal level. Reflective of this macro-scale mission, there is also a commitment to facilitate
inclusion of all LGBTQ+ individuals through policies and research, and training. I strongly
align myself with these objectives, and understand that these pillars must be at the forefront
of the work conducted at ACON.


   8.​ Applicants must provide evidence of Covid 19 Vaccination, in addition to any
       other vaccination required to perform the role.
I am able to provide evidence of my COVID-19 vaccination, and am willing to provide
evidence of any other vaccination required for the role.


   9.​ Applicants must have a valid NSW Working with Children Check.

I have applied for a NSW Working with Children Check, and will have it ready before
commencing the job.



   10.​A current NSW driver’s licence.

I currently possess a full (unrestricted) NSW driver’s licence.
