Dear Catherine Duff,

Re: Project Support Officer, Community Support




I am excited to be applying for the role of Project Support Officer, Community Support at the Australian
Human Rights Commission. With almost 2 years professional experience at ACON, alongside my academic
and research experience at Western Sydney University and BlaQ Aboriginal Corporation, I have well-
developed project management, community engagement, research, stakeholder management, and
communication skills. Through my professional experience in these diverse organisations and my lived
experience growing up queer and Vietnamese in Cabramatta, I have developed a strong understanding of
racialised communities, intersectional identities, and community-centred approaches, allowing me to
effectively work and support community members from culturally and linguistically diverse (CALD)
backgrounds. My professional experience and qualifications make me an ideal candidate to work in a
team to effectively deliver a national anti-racism program to support communities impacted by the
Hamas-Israel conflict.




In my role as the Community Health Promotion Officer – Peer Education at ACON, I was responsible for
developing, implementing, evaluating, and refining peer-led health promotion initiatives in line with
ACON’s Strategic Plan and NSW HIV Strategy 2021-2025. In this role, I leveraged my position to focus on
the support of CALD lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans and queer (LGBTQ+) individuals, leading the creation of
health initiatives that improves health outcomes for intersectional marginalised communities. In
particular, I have led the development and execution of a new iteration of ‘Start Making Sense: Middle
Eastern Men’, a workshop that supports LGBTQ+ Middle Eastern men to navigate their culture, queer
identity, and sexual health. I was able to effectively identify community needs, conduct a series of
consultations to inform the content of the workshop, and work with LGBTQ+ Middle Eastern community
members to write, advertise, and run the workshop using a culturally-informed, trauma-informed, and
peer-led approach. Through this workshop, I have also gained experience in navigating the impact of
Hamas/Israel conflict on community members. This includes supporting volunteers who have faced
personal lost due to the conflict, identifying and escalating the risks of bringing together participants of
different faiths (including those who were Muslim, Christian, and Jewish) in the same workshop
environment, and managing the safety and dynamics of volunteers and participants with differing
perspectives. My ability to facilitate trust with marginalised communities and reconcile community
members’ differences resulted in a workshop that focuses on solidarity of culture and sexuality during a
time of high tensions – with participants’ high evaluation scores reflecting the workshop’s positive
impacts. This solidarity and community connection between LGBTQ+ Middle Eastern men continue, and
is sustained through an ACON volunteer-led social group.




My experience at ACON also attests to my strong capability in working collaboratively with internal and
external stakeholders to deliver initiatives for marginalised and racialised communities. Most recently, I
collaborated with ACON’s Multicultural and Greater Western Sydney Community Engagement Team to
successfully develop and run a workshop that supports CALD LGBTQ+ young adults living in Western
Sydney, attracting an intersectional priority population that have historically not accessed ACON’s
services. Ensuring its success was a strong understanding of access barriers for CALD communities, such
as geographical location and cultural safety in LGBTQ+ spaces, and working collaboratively with internal
teams and external partners to overcome identified barriers. I utilised my strong interpersonal skills to
navigate diverse personalities and skillsets within the team, synergising them to enhance work
capabilities. These interpersonal skills also cultivated a strong partnership with an external Western
Sydney organisation to provide a safe community space to run the workshop. Through navigating
collaborative work that centres lived experience and community needs, I was able to co-lead a project
that developed community connection and support access for CALD LGBTQ+ young people, and sustained
mutually beneficial relationships with team members and external organisations. The workshop’s success
is evident in the participants’ evaluations, the continued expansion of the workshop’s content and
locations in Western Sydney, and an expansion of other ACON projects’ work with the Western Sydney
partner organisation.




Outside of collaborations, I am proactive in supporting other priority population initiatives within ACON,
including the First Nations Health Programs, LGBTQ+ Women’s Health Programs, Multicultural and
Greater Western Sydney Community Engagement Team, and the Asian Gay, Bi+, Queer Men’s Project.
These project support activities range from providing consultation for project plans, to facilitation of
peer-led health promotion, outreach at community events, and writing and language support for team
members from CALD backgrounds. I am also well-versed in providing a wide range of administrative
support for the team, including venues and equipment booking, budget processing support, data entry
and database management, graphic design for presentations and health promotion media, and agenda-
arrangement and minutes-taking. Within my administrative support capability, I am also well-developed
in the handling of sensitive information and data, conducting intakes using client information systems
such as Penelope, identifying risks and seeking out advice around clients who may not be suitable in a
peer group environment, and providing referrals to other services. Drawing from my previous experience
of working with LGBTQ+ First Nations communities (internship at BlaQ Aboriginal Corporation and
research assistant on the First Nations LGBTQ+ health and wellbeing project at Western Sydney
University), I am also an active member of ACON’s Reconciliation Action Plan Champions, responsible for
the advocacy and support of implementing initiatives that address Reconciliation Action Plan deliverables
within the organisation to improve First Nations staff and community’s wellbeing and engagement.




In my capacity at ACON, I have also contributed to external research and strategic initiatives. Bringing a
synthesis of community engagement expertise and prior research experience, I have worked with
universities such as UNSW, Western Sydney University, and Monash University to provide research
methodology and community engagement advice for research projects investigating gay, bi+, queer Asian
men’s HIV prevention needs, and Christian LGBTQIA+ African Heritage refugee’s community connection. I
have also contributed to national strategies, facilitating a consultation with CALD LGBTQ+ young people
to inform the Australian Human Rights Commission’s National Anti-Racism Framework, and representing
ACON to provide lived experience consultation at the HIV Youth Roundtable for the Department of
Health and Aged Care’s HIV Taskforce, and the Gay Men’s Consultation for the Department of Health and
Aged Care’s 10 Year National Action Plan for the Health and Wellbeing of LGBTIQA+ People.




As outlined, I have a strong expertise in understanding and working with marginalised communities both
within and outside of my own lived experience. My strong project management, community
engagement, research, and interpersonal skills means I am able to recognise the impact of cultural
influences on community members’ lived experiences, build trust with community, and develop and
advocate for appropriate community-led initiatives that addresses intersectional issues. My ability to
support and collaborate with internal teams and external stakeholders further attests to my strong
communication and interpersonal skills, being able to facilitate strong professional relationships, adapt
communication to a diverse range of audiences, and navigate stakeholder relationships to achieve
outcomes for community. I am confident these experiences and skillsets will prove valuable in the role of
Project Support Officer, Community Support. Thank you for your consideration and time. I look forward
to hearing from you soon.




Yours In Solidarity,

Duy
